Since it might not have been clear from the design.txt here is the todo list.

Main thing is to setup the prefab center of the machines. These will handle most of the main operations that then can be built on to. Power prefab are already handled by Dark-CoreMachine.

Step One
  Improve current farming system. This is mean adding more crops, better tools, more complex harvesting, and round about general farming tech
  Blocks
    Enriched dirt - soil + fertilizer, grows plants faster, lasts threw several crops
        6 stage block ID from fully used to never used
    Fertilizer - compost with a little extra stuff, place on soil to turn it into Enriched dirt
        Fluid, Fluid Block, flows over the dirt then merged into the dirt turning it into Enriched soil, very slow flow rate
    Crops -  override on the built in crop system, as well a dynamic API driven system of creating new plant types
        Can't recall the current stock of plants in game but the idea is to create a tileEntity that stores the crop that doesn't update at all. Normal block updates will be used to call methods in the tile to force growth of the plant. Diffrent biome based plants need to be added. This will save on creating a block ID per plant
    Compost - Pre stage to fertilizer. Will be mixed with dirt, water, and sand to create Fertilizer. Is stored as a bag or bucket item. Can enrich a single block of dirt to half enrichment by itself.
    Compost box - creates compost from decayable matter over a time span of an hour or two. Takes a long time to create and has a diffrent time span per item
    More fences - more dynamic and better looking fences to keep animals in or out. Diffrent colors, shapes, strengths, etc. Will be tileEntity data sync so to keep it down to one blockID. TileEntity does not update all at unless used for power on applications. Eg electric fence, or sensor fence.
 TileEntity   
    Compst Box - basic processing of 4-8 slots per box, with a collective count of compost stored with a max of 255 per box. Compostis collected using buckets, and later bags
 Entities
    Change animals to look for an try to eat plants. This will force the player to want to fence off crops.
   
   
   
   
Step 2
    Block
        Scarcrow - prevents most bird from attacking crops, can look exactly like a player
        Sprinkeler - waters crops, when FM is installed it will require pipe input
        Wood Tank - Added when FM is installed as a cool little feature. Can only store water
        Crop support - blocks that support the growth of crops by increase growth height, restricting range of growth, or protect it from animals
        Fruit trees - normal MC tree but yeilds a small crop of fruit every so often
        Bird house - allows a bird to nest and stay in the area
        Rat hole - created by the play as a more man made hole, or by the rate to indicated infestation
        Bee box - later use, not sure if i want to go down this path right away. Might start with bug box
        Bug Trap - block that draws in bugs and kills them, comes in several shapes and sizes. 
        Fungus - crops like grass but on all surfaces. Is a thin non-collision based block that provides cool crafting, and food.
    Fluid
        Pestizide - kills off insects but reduces crop yeild, created in potion stand and then mixed with water
        Spray fertilizer - same as fertilizer but can be sprayed over an area for greater effect, same as above 
    Items
        Spray can - sprays fluids in a small area. Looks like the pic in the link, might even do player render for when in hand. Takes potion vials, or canisters http://www.environmentalhealthnews.org/ehs/images/2008/pesticide-spray%20besemer.jpg
        Foods - Random foods using the newly created crops
    Entities
        Birds - Eat seeds, crops, and so on
        Birds of prey - kill small birds, and rats
        Insects - attack crops and prevent growth. Though a reverse version of is created that protects the crops
        Rat/mice - small animals that attack crops, can kill small crops but don't really effect large areas
        
        