The design for farmTech is to create a simple mod to do farming on a massive level. As well to provide advanced processes for players to take advantage of to work there crops better.


Machine List
    Wood Cutter - A machine that works its way threw a tree farm to harvest and replant new trees
    Farming Box - Contains a drone that auto farms a large field. Has upgrades for range, drone count, increase speed, and crop types.
    Compost Box - creates fertilizer to increase the rate by which plans grow
    Compost Compressor - compresses compost down into ingots that can be used as fuel. 
    Bio Fuel refinery - take in several diffrent types of material to create bio fuel
    Milk tank - advanced version of the one in FM designed to protect the milk from decay. Optional feature for milk to decay
    DNA work station - processes, reads, upgrades, and works with DNA from any mob, creator, animal, and even players.
    DNA contructor - builds a new creature from the DNA sample, uses a ton of power, carbon, water, and other minerals.

Items
    DNA Cell - stores a DNA sample after it has been process from a blood sample
    syringe - collects blood from animals, can also be used to inject DNA alterations into animals
    Drone config - used in connection with a few machines to tell the drones were to farm
    Fertilizer - bag of decayed matter used to make plant grow fasters. will create a snow like layer over dirt
    grass - tall grass and grass will now drop grass that can be used to feed animals, fertilizer, armor, traps, etc crafting extras
    sticks - trees will now drop sticks for use in making cheap fences, and crafting.

Blocks
    Mud - jelled version of liquid mud that is slowly turning into dirt
    Ferilizer - thin snow like layer that is slowly enriching the soil
    FertileSoil - soil that has ben fertilized and is read to grow plants
    EnrichedSoil - fertile soil after a few uses will turn into this
    grass clumb - grass item turned into block used for very cheap fertilizer