Block Smelter    Turns blocks into lava for use as fuel, or building. Very basic 3 block machine that uses massive power to melt all items down into liquid blocks. Can be used to mass smelt ores down into liquid ores. Will produce sludge as a byproduct for items that can't be smelted.    Steam Piston    Takes steam and uses the force generated by it to do work. Give the right amount of pressure, and flow rate to create power. Will output steam at a lower pressure, and flow rate.     Void pipe    Uses to teleport fluids around the world at a high energy cost. Uses expensive material to create but does output 8 pipe connectors. Can temp store 100K fluid but doesn't save on world save    Void tank    Very expensive system for storing fluid at a high energy cost. Energy is only used to access the fluid. The tank can store 10MB of fluid per world. Can be accessed by anymore who knows the name of the tank. Does allow for remote access as long as the tank is created with the same tank name. Cost x10 more than void pipes to run and craft making void pipes a nicer idea.    Boiler gas exchanger    Place between an upper & lower tank set to help exchange gases between the two. The tanks themselves will act as a boiler.    Heater    Generates heat from diffrent types of fuels. When placed bellow a boiler setup will heat the lower tank and create gases.     Pressure Release valve    Controls the pressure created by a network. Will stop flow if pressure is too high or too low. Can be configured by the user, and increases pressure slightly at cost of flow rate    One way valve    Only allows fluid to flow in one direction    Valve    Both redstone and manaul versions for the player to control the flow threw pipes    Fluid detector    Normal redstone version as well advanced computer craft version. Detects fluid and will ouput redstone    Pressure detector    Triggers redstone when pressure is at a key level    Flow rate detector    Triggers redstone when pressure is at a key level    Fluids    Oil - Both cruid and refined versions    Fuel - Created from refined oil     Bio Fuel - created from plant matter     Air - normal air from the world, uses as a pressure source.    O2 - seperated from air to be used for several diffrent things    CO2 - sperated from air to be used for several diffrent things    N2 - """"    Sludge - byproduct of varies industrial process. Works like waste liquid and stores the exact items uses to create it. this way it can be salvaged later on.    Milk - Milk fluid as well override the bucket to allow working with it    Chocolate Milk - mixing byproduct of chocolatte and milk. Easter egg since it will not be defined as a normal mixing process    Chocolate Fluid - fluid version of chocolate, other than the milk it will have other crafting designs later on    Mixer    Mixes items and fluid together to create new items or fluids. Involves a complex setup of a mixer tank. Can create potions    Potion filler    Mass fills potions or fluid containers. Is only added when assembly line is added to the game.     Condenser    Turns gases into liquid form using varies methods. Is basicly a pipes that can be surrounded by diffent object to cool the fluid down. Eg. ICE, water, coolant. Fluid will drop in tempature by so much per block, and per block surrounding the block. Uses a heating api to calculate this. 