We want to keep wires very simple so that user doesn't need anything extra to run a string of machines together. However, we want to offer as many extra options that are 100% optional. This means they are not required but are avaible to more advanced users. 

Features
    Support UE and IC2 power as Builcraft will be converted to generator that translate the energy to UE values creating lose. The same might be done for IC2 later using a transformer if it becomes an issue. 

Extra Features
    Colored casings - similer to RI but not in the same way. A wire will be cased using a machine and only a machine. This way it both forces the user to think ahead, and makes it cheaper to mass produce
    Multi-block - Same as RI, and redpower. We want to support multi-blocks on all levels, and in all parts of the mods. Chicken bones api will become part of the core, or we will make our own. Though the main point is too allow the user to hide the wires.
    Switches & interupters - You may things these are there own blocks but the wires themselves will be the blocks. On right click of a wire with the item they will convert to a block of the type. A specially designed network system will understand the relation of the new block and know that energy can/can't flow threw it. 
    Multi-wire support - Similar to Redpower multi wires in which several wires can exist in the same wire. This will be a simple step once the network is told how to understand wires. Then it will be a simple fact of telling the wire what wire colors it has. 
    Lay down wires - Yes like Redpower once again, redpower seems to lead the way in minecraft tech, these wires will lay against the block and allow several wires to exist in the same block space. This will take a bit to code both the renderer, logic, and placement. Once done it will be a very very grand way to create networks. 
    Lay down pipes - this will work with the above and be added to FM but will need code base in the core wires. These pipes can exist in the same space as wires, As well right next to wires. Which will change the wire render slightly to have the wires go under the pipes. Should make for very effect space design. 
    Machine wiring - machines will need to be changed to allow for wires to go threw them. This will act like the wire is being passed around, under, or threw the machine. The player will right click the machine to say that it can pass wiring. After that the machine will act like a wire as well. 